The Maccabiah Games, 1977, was probably one of the highlights of my life.
One to represent your country, an amazing honour.
To reach that standard was hard work, obviously.
A lot of training, which I did when I was in college.
I used to train with the Welsh squad and play football and go training twice a week.
When I was selected, I did trials in Manchester, trials in London.
Once I was then selected, to be part of that group, went out representing the country in that environment,
my memory is of the opening ceremony.
The opening ceremony was 60,000 people in the Ramat Gan Stadium in Tel Aviv.
And each of the teams, as it is in the Olympics today, would parade around the stadium
holding the flag of the country with the team following the flag.
And I remember distinctly now walking around that stadium and hearing my name being shouted from the crowd
because one of the guys who was in school with me in Cardiff had emigrated to Israel
and was in the stadium watching the opening ceremony.
And I wouldn't say I'm in touch with him daily, but I have seen him very recently in the last two years.
He's been back over to Wales and I reminded him of the story.
And I remember the closing ceremony as well where all the athletes were exchanging mementos.
And we would change uniforms and we would exchange pins.
And I've still got some of the memorabilia somewhere in the house of that event.
But by far as a sporting achievement, it was the highlight of my sporting career.
Even though I played football in Belgium, that was the European Maccabeeh.
But to be in the World Maccabeeh Games in front of that many people at that sort of event in Israel was the pinnacle.